RYUJI: Wait. What?
No one told me we were
gonna hit him with a bluff!
How is this supposed to work?
I told him this guy
doesn’t negotiate.
What the hell is he expecting?
If Eighth Clan was just a bunch
of punks in it for the money,
they might be down to haggle,
but we both know
that’s not how Wang works!
I know that monster
all too well.
He’s the bastard
who chopped up my kid brother.
I’ll make him pay
with his life!
But all I’ve got on me
are hand grenades.
He can easily use
his Sigil to dodge them.
Which means I’ll have to wait
for a moment
when he can’t teleport,
and that moment’ll be when he
gets ready to slaughter me.
You can’t stop this,
Kaname, so back off!
[Japanese music playing]
WANG:
Didn’t I tell you?
My clan
only makes deals
that are
take‐and‐take.
But I do appreciate
the effort,
so I’ll try to make
your death painless.
‐ No dice? Okay, well,
if you’re gonna be like that...
‐ I guess I have no choice.
‐ [gasps]
I would have expected
a smart guy like yourself
to understand
how valuable this key is.
‐ Come on. He’s gonna see
right through that, you idiot!
It’d be really helpful
if I could read Kaname’s mind.
Unfortunately,
all my Sigil can do
is indicate whether someone’s
telling the truth or not.
‐ Go ahead and shoot it, kid.
There’s no way in hell that’s
the key to the real treasure.
‐ Didn’t expect that.
It looks like
he’s actually interested
in what Kaname has to say.
‐ Sorry, but seeing
as I can’t prove it,
you’ll just have
to take my word.
The codes are a match for the
coordinates to Shibuya Station,
but unless you know
the diamond code,
you’ll never be able
to locate the treasure.
For what it’s worth,
the code is 8‐8‐8‐O‐O‐1.
Split that number in half,
and you get triple‐8
and double‐O one.
"Hachi" means "eight,"
which stands for the
Hachiko statue near the station.
That’s where I found this key.
All that was left was
figuring out what it goes to.
And then it dawned on me.
It must be the key
to a safety deposit box.
Once I realized that, it was
obvious what the 0‐0‐1 was.
The treasure is stored
inside a safety deposit box
in Inaho Bank, branch 0‐0‐1.
[Ryuji chuckles]
He’s lying through his teeth.
Now we just hope to God
Wang buys all of it.
WANG: Everything he says
is making sense,
but he can’t back it up.
[chuckles]
I can’t figure out his angle.
‐ Hey, Boss,
maybe we better not kill him?
We gotta find
that treasure somehow, right?
‐ Shut up a minute.
It’s possible to win billions
of yen from this event
just for collecting
a ton of rings.
The real treasure must make that
look like chump change.
Not to mention
that rumor I heard.
Whoever successfully
clears the event
will be given
a special privilege in D‐Game.
That’s too good to ignore.
All right, fine.
I’ll guarantee
your safety, then.
Sadly, your buddy here
is a different story.
I can’t let you get
too greedy after all.
Plus, I’ve already
started his execution,
and I always like
to finish what I start.
‐ Sure. Sounds good.
We only teamed up
out of convenience,
so I don’t care
if you kill him.
‐ [gasps]
‐ [laughs]
It looks like you just
got tossed under the bus,
you poor bastard!
But hey, that’s what
D‐Game’s all about, right?
[laughs]
‐ Thanks a lot, Kaname.
You proved that my Sigil
really is good
for something after all.
‐ So do we have a deal?
‐ Sure, kid, but look...
if I start to feel
like you’re screwing with me,
I’ll rip you to shreds.
‐ Give me an opening, Kaname.
I just need one second!
I swear I’ll send
this guy to hell!
‐ I’ll tell you what.
If you suspect I might be lying,
why don’t you take a look
at the key for yourself?
‐ Huh?
‐ Go ahead.
Inspect it as much as you want!
‐ That’s what
I’m talking about!
This is my chance to kill‐‐
‐ Here’s my take.
It’s real simple.
No matter what path
you choose to follow,
if you’re still alive
when the game is over,
that’s all you need
to be the winner!
‐ [gasps]
KANAME: This is a gamble.
It might not even work.
But if we want the slightest
chance at winning,
it’s the only idea
I can think of.
REIN: The diamond ring code
is six digits: 1‐8‐5‐9‐1‐1.
The sequence is a reference
to the month and year
in which Charles Darwin’s
The Origin of Species
was originally published.
I see why the number
is connected with D‐Game,
but I don’t understand
the correlation
to Shibuya Station.
I also find it bizarre
that the code doesn’t match
the exact date of publication.
It’s only the month
and the year.
Something that unnatural
must have a specific purpose.
Perhaps the numbers
are merely a pass code
and they don’t have
any particular significance,
which means
the number of digits is key.
Let’s see.
What could a sequence like that
be used for at Shibuya Station?
The only machines there
with six‐digit pass codes
are the coin lockers
at the south exit.
‐ So this is the key
to a safety deposit box?
‐ I don’t‐‐
‐ Oh, my bad!
I threw you the wrong one!
That’s actually
the key to my scooter.
‐ Huh? [growls]
[growls]
I want you to slaughter
that brat right now!
SHINJI: But we can’t move
once the teleportation
process starts!
[Ryuji laughs]
He outsmarted you, Wang!
This is what you get
when you don’t cooperate.
‐ Shut your mouth!
I know your face now, boy.
Next time we meet,
I’ll cut you up
and feed you to the pigs!
‐ Sorry, but I’m already
forgetting your ugly mug.
[bells tolling]
ANNOUNCER: Attention, Treasure
Hunt Game participants.
The event
has just been cleared.
SOTA: Cleared?
That means it’s over, right?
I wonder which side won?
‐ I thought
that would be obvious.
REIN: You’ve succeeded, Kaname.
I was extremely lucky
to run into you.
There’s no way I could have
escaped that hotel alone.
‐ [crowd murmuring]
‐ And that’s a wrap, folks!
The Shibuya Treasure Hunt
Game is officially over!
And it would seem
our winner is a newbie!
His name’s Kaname Sudo!
‐ My goodness.
What a surprising upset.
I don’t suppose
any customers bet on him.
‐ I won.
‐ Ah, congratulations
are in order.
Let me exchange that for you.
‐ No, that’s all right.
It will be more satisfying
to receive the reward
with my own hands.
‐ It’s over? Really?
[gasps]
It’s just a phone.
This is the treasure
we fought over?
‐ [buzzing]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Excellent work, Kaname Sudo!
Your brilliant victory
defied even my expectations!
‐ [stammers]
KANAME: Who is this?
Tell me right now!
‐ [laughs]
Knowing you, I’m sure you’ve
already pieced that together.
‐ Oh, right. I get it.
You’re the one
who’s in charge of this game.
‐ Bingo! You just scored
an extra thousand points!
[cell phone buzzes]
There. That should prove
beyond any doubt
that I’m the Game Master.
Convinced yet?
‐ You’re the Game Master, huh?
So then, in other words,
you created this deathtrap
and dragged me
and my friends into it
for your own sick entertainment,
is that right?
‐ Well, I can’t take
full credit for creating it.
You could say I designed
the interface, however.
‐ I don’t wanna hear
your bullshit.
‐ Fair enough. If you
don’t have time to chat,
perhaps we should
cut to the chase.
‐ And that is?
‐ Listen. It might be wise
to keep your temper in check
and hear what I have to say.
This is a golden
opportunity for you.
And who knows whether you and I
will get
another chance to speak?
‐ [gasps]
Fine. Spit it out, then.
‐ Well, you did a great job
winning the event,
so I encourage you
to accept these fabulous prizes
without any reservations.
For starters, you get 10,000
points as a completion bonus.
How about I take
half of that and split it
among the participating players
in your friends list?
You’ll get the other half,
plus an additional 237 points
for surviving
the battle royale mode,
which brings you
to a total of 5,237.
But that’s merely
the icing on the cake.
As the winner
of this challenging event,
your main reward
is even more exciting.
You’ve unlocked
a unique privilege
‐ within Darwin’s Game.
‐ Privilege?
‐ Yes. Tell me
what you wish for.
Naturally,
your options are limited
to things that I can
feasibly make happen,
so I’m afraid
you can’t become immortal
or bring someone back
from the dead.
‐ Huh? Doesn’t sound
like much of a prize to me.
‐ Well, I’m not God, after all.
Think of me
as something of a stand‐in.
‐ Fine. Then my wish is to quit
this stupid game right now.
‐ I’m not able to do that.
It would go against
my own goals.
‐ Okay, so you’ll grant me
anything I wish for,
but only if it’s
convenient for you?
‐ I never said that I
would grant any wish at all,
but historically
I’ve fulfilled
as many requests
as I possibly could.
One winner was given authority
over the gambling den that
revolves around Darwin’s Game.
And for another winner,
I allowed the institution
of a point match
at his place of business.
I also granted
a contract system
for an insurance company,
and I‐‐
‐ All I want is
to log out with my life!
‐ So stubborn!
As I said before,
that doesn’t work for me,
but I will tell you
that there are two ways
to quit Darwin’s Game.
‐ Really?
‐ The most
straightforward method
is by completing the game,
of course.
‐ [gasps]
‐ If someone
manages to do that,
the objective
will be achieved,
and the entire game
will end automatically.
I would give anything
to ensure that outcome.
‐ And the other way?
‐ Alternatively,
you could assassinate me
and destroy
the Darwin’s Game system.
‐ [gasps]
Okay. This whole thing
is complicated,
but if I can think
of a good privilege,
then I might be able
to avoid getting killed
or having to kill anybody else.
But what kind of privilege
would make that possible?
Maybe something
that discourages people
from joining D‐Game.
If it’s only a deterrent,
then maybe this Game Master guy
would sign off on it.
I’m ready to make my wish.
‐ I’m listening.
‐ The privilege I want is...
[music plays]
‐ Interesting choice!
Consider it done, Kaname!
Oh, and I almost forgot.
I have one final prize
to award you.
[metal rings]
Fire God of Iron...
a brand‐new type of Sigil,
and it’s incredibly rare.
Well, I sincerely hope that
your wish becomes a reality.
Good luck out there.
[cell phone clatters]
[insects buzzing]
REPORTER: It’s been two months
since the large‐scale
terrorist bombings in Shibuya.
But even now,
the truth about what happened
and who’s responsible
remains unclear.
The affected areas, including
the collapsed luxury hotel,
are still restricted
from public access.
SHINOZUKA: Two months already?
I’ve been alone
for all that time?
You guys are such jerks.
Our summer vacation
starts tomorrow.
I wonder what they’re up to.
SHUKA: Let me tell you a story.
Once upon a time,
there were three little pigs
who were brothers.
One day, they decided
it was time to leave
their parents’ place
and build houses
of their very own.
The oldest brother chose
to build his house out of straw,
the middle pig built his house
out of wood instead,
and the youngest brother
used bricks to make his house.
But then
a big, bad wolf appeared.
He blew down the straw house,
devouring the first pig
in one bite.
Then he burned down
the wooden house,
roasting the second pig.
Finally, the wolf arrived
at the house
that was made of bricks.
He smashed the wall
with a hammer,
minced up the last pig,
and scarfed him down!
Then, with his belly
nice and full,
our hero the wolf
lived happily ever after.
SUI: That’s not the way
I remember it.
‐ Okay, time for a pop quiz.
What do you think
is the moral of the story?
‐ Eh?
No matter what you do,
if you’re a pig, you’ll never
escape the fangs of a wolf.
It’s your fate.
Survival of the fittest,
I guess?
‐ Enh! No points for Sui.
The lesson I’m trying
to teach you is...
Straw is flimsy,
wood burns too easily,
and bricks don’t provide
enough resistance to tremors.
I changed the story
into a commentary
on Japan’s living conditions.
‐ Okay. I don’t really
understand why, though.
‐ The point is,
safety is the first priority
if I’m buying a house.
‐ Huh? You’re buying a house?
‐ We formed a clan,
so the next thing we need
is a base, right?
And because you’re
technically a member,
I’ll let you make
one tiny request.
‐ Oh. Well, let’s see.
I guess I’d like the house
to have a yard, if possible.
‐ This place doesn’t have one,
but you can turn the roof
into a fake yard.
‐ That’s huge! You can get
a whole building in that area?
‐ Sure. With enough money,
you can do almost anything,
and I racked up plenty
in that last event.
‐ I don’t know.
Do we need that much space?
There’s only a handful of us.
‐ Like I said before,
safety’s important.
A base is more than just
a fun place for us to hang out.
Buildings like that are
the only fortified
structures around here.
That’s why
the big clans buy them.
The main issue is where
we should settle down.
This one’s in Minato ward,
which is near here,
but it’s also
kind of close to Shibuya.
‐ I see.
Eighth Clan lives there,
and we probably want
to stay clear of them, huh?
‐ Those bastards.
We need to wipe them out
as soon as we can.
[insects buzzing]
‐ [knock at the door]
‐ Eh?
‐ Hello there, young lady.
I’m sorry
to surprise you like this.
‐ Um, do I know you, sir?
‐ I’ve come here today on behalf
of the Kanehira Insurance Union.
My name is Hideaki Kanehira.
‐ You’re with
an insurance company?
What’s going on?
I’m still a minor,
so I can’t sign a contract
or anything.
‐ Oh, no. I’m not here
to ask you for money.
You’re the chosen beneficiary
on this policy,
so I’ve come
to deliver your payment.
‐ Payment for what?
‐ It’s the sum payable
upon the death of your father,
Mr. Ichiro Hiiragi.
I’m exceedingly sorry
for your loss.
‐ You need to leave!
REIN: Well,
that’s to be expected.
‐ Pardon the intrusion.
‐ She must be too upset
to speak with you.
‐ Yes, but I did
leave the check with her.
‐ I suppose that’ll do.
In that case, I’m done here.
All I was told to do was ensure
the money got to her safely.
‐ Kanehira Insurance Union’s
motto is "Trust comes first."
Now then, Miss Rein,
would you please
introduce me to Kaname Sudo?
‐ Did I give you the impression
that I was Kaname’s manager?
‐ I heard a rumor
that he just formed a clan.
‐ You have
some sharp ears, then.
‐ Oh, no. I can’t compare
to you, Analyst.
But it is a promising clan,
and I would prefer to be
on good terms with them.
We’ll talk again soon.
‐ [insects buzzing]
‐ [sighs]
As always, he comes
and goes like a phantom.
‐ Wait, sir! Don’t forget‐‐
[thud]
‐ [winces]
‐ I’m sorry.
You’re not hurt, are you?
[insects trilling]
Wow, your name is Rein?
Cool. It’s like a name
from another country.
‐ I guess so.
It’s annoying
when people read it wrong
because of the way
it’s written in kanji, though.
It looks like it should
be "Suzu," but it’s "Rein."
‐ Really? How weird!
My name has the character
for "suzu" in it too.
I’m Suzune. Funny, huh?
I’m sorry again
for knocking you down.
Um, does your arm hurt?
‐ Actually, I think
it’s almost healed up now.
‐ A strange man visited my room.
He left this check behind,
so I hurried after him
to give it back.
But it has to be
some kind of prank.
Would you look at it and
tell me if you think it’s real?
He said he was
with some insurance company,
but he seemed sketchy.
‐ Then you should
take it to a bank
and have them
verify it for you.
It would be a waste
not to accept that much money.
‐ No, it can’t be real.
It must be a mistake
or something.
That man said...
that it was payable
upon my father’s death.
‐ Suzune,
here’s my contact info.
If you want to know
the truth about Hiiragi,
then please reach out.
‐ "Information Broker"?
Wait a minute, Rein.
Are you saying you know
something about my father?
‐ I deal in intel,
buy, sell, trade.
Some people like
to call me the Analyst.
‐ [athletes grunting]
‐ [bag thumping]
KAEDE: Okay, now try to move it.
Is it uncomfortable?
Does it feel
like it moves smoothly?
‐ It’s like
Wang never cut it off.
We should’ve gotten you
to heal Rein’s broken arm, too!
‐ She’s already
mostly recovered, though.
We should let nature
handle the rest.
‐ Thanks, Kaede.
And thanks to you too, Danjo.
I’m at a loss for words.
‐ It’s fine! We’re honored
to be of assistance.
I’m just glad my Sigil
is Healing Grace.
‐ Treating your injury
was a part of his request.
It was no problem at all.
‐ By the way, I have a question.
‐ What’s that?
‐ Why do you go by the names
"Kaede" and "Danjo"?
You know, seeing as
you’re both Russian.
‐ Oh, we didn’t tell you?
Maybe we don’t look it,
but we’re big Japanophiles!
‐ [grunts]
‐ [chuckles]
Yeah, I kinda gathered that.
You guys have got a big place.
Just how many people
are in your clan?
DANJO: Not everyone here
is involved with D‐Game.
Only a handful
of these guys play.
Just 26, in fact.
The Danjo Boxing Club
was originally
a run‐of‐the‐mill
kickboxing gym.
‐ So what happened
to make you join the game?
‐ I imagine this sounds silly
to you, but the way I see it,
a martial artist is someone
who aspires to be
the greatest in the world.
Every one of us has had
that thought at least one time.
When you’re faced
with an enemy blade,
will your skill
actually see you through?
What if it’s a gun instead?
Or even an armored tank?
To a martial artist,
the Sigils in this game
are akin
to a demon’s temptation.
‐ Come on. I know
you’ve trained really hard,
but there’s no way
you can beat a tank.
‐ If it’s one‐on‐one, I can.
[Japanese music playing]
‐ Hmm? Hey, Master!
Good to see you.
‐ How’s the new guy doing?
‐ Not too bad, honestly.
It’s only been two months,
and he’s still working
on the basics.
But he’s tough, and he’s
got pretty good reflexes.
If no one pins him down,
I think I could
see him holding his own
in a match against somebody
who’s at the same level.
‐ Great.
In other words,
he’s finally ready.
Just so you’re aware,
all of your requests
have been fulfilled.
Ryuji’s been healed, and your
training has made you stronger.
If you don’t mind, I’d like
to have that conversation.
‐ Oh, you want to talk
right now? Sounds good.
‐ I understand
you’re forming a new clan
and you want to ally with us.
I sympathize with
your purpose and principles,
‐ so that’s fine.
‐ But?
‐ You see, a good alliance
has to benefit both parties
or else it’s doomed to fail.
Without strength,
even the noblest
of intentions
won’t be enough.
Spar with me.
That will determine
whether you’re
a worthy ally.
INUKAI: You’re gonna
fight that guy?
Alone?
‐ He approached me
diplomatically
as the fellow leader of a clan.
Therefore,
I’m the one who must fight.
Please attack me with everything
you’ve got, Kaname.
‐ Everything, huh?
You mean Sigils, too?
‐ Right. Anything goes!
I’m a no‐holds‐barred
kind of guy.
‐ [insects buzzing]
‐ [doorbell rings]
[doorbell ringing]
‐ [click]
‐ [gasps]
‐ Oh, so you are home.
[ominous music playing]
[gasps]
‐ I take it you’re a friend
of Kaname Sudo, right?
‐ [shuddering]
‐ Glad you’re here.
I’ve been waiting.
KANAME: Next Time: Heads‐Up.